#Background
Lending services companies allow individual investors to partially fund personal loans as well as buy and sell notes backing the loans on a secondary market.

You will be using this data to create machine learning models to classify the risk level of given loans. Specifically, you will be comparing the Logistic Regression model and Random Forest Classifier.

Before You Begin
Create a new repository for this project called supervised-machine-learning-challenge. Do not add this Challenge to an existing repository.

Clone the new repository to your computer.

Inside your local git repository, create a directory for the Supervised Machine Learning Challenge. Use the folder names to correspond to the challenges: LogisticRegression and RandomForestClassifier.

Push the above changes to GitHub.

Files
Download the following files to help you get started:

Module 19 Challenge files

Instructions
Retrieve the data
The data is located in the Challenge Files Folder:

lending_data.csv
Import the data using Pandas.

Consider the Models
You will be creating and comparing two models on this data: a Logistic Regression, and a Random Forests Classifier. Before you create, fit, and score the models, make a prediction as to which model you think will perform better. You do not need to be correct! Write down your prediction (in markdown cells in your Jupyter Notebook or in a separate document), and provide justification for your educated guess.

Fit a LogisticRegression model and RandomForestClassifier model
Create a Logistic Regression model, fit it to the data, and print the model's score. Do the same for a Random Forest Classifier. You may choose any starting hyperparameters you like. Which model performed better? How does that compare to your prediction? Write down your results and thoughts.

Submission
To submit your Challenge assignment, click Submit, and then provide the URL of your GitHub repository for grading.

NOTE
You are allowed to miss up to two Challenge assignments and still earn your certificate. If you complete all Challenge assignments, your lowest two grades will be dropped. If you wish to skip this assignment, click Next, and move on to the next Module.

Comments are disabled for graded submissions in BootCamp Spot. If you have questions about your feedback, please notify your instructional staff or your Student Success Manager. If you would like to resubmit your work for an additional review, you can use the Resubmit Assignment button to upload new links. You may resubmit up to three times for a total of four submissions.

Rubric
Module 19 - Supervised Machine Learning Challenge RubricLinks to an external site.

References
Loan Approval Dataset (2022). Data generated by Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand, and is intended for educational purposes only.